What's lying to me?
My whole life when it comes to good situations, I don't lie.
Now give your pay card to your wife.
Take it.
The password is his birthday.
You are free to spend
Uncle, if you're not sick
So what I promised won't count.
Your daughter-in-law can't say that.
Marriage is no joke.
That's it.
I'm going home to get married.
Mr. Ye, if not
Let's go.
hate me
How could I, I'm just a normal person.
If you don't hate it, don't leave.
So my father wouldn't get in trouble.
But those are two different things.
Xiaotian, how was your empty car interview?
The interview
It's my interview.
Add a microphone.
Lin Cam, I came to find A Phong.
Lam Cam
If you're really sorry
I can forgive you for breaking up last time.